Added permanent identifier for LOIN ontology (#3210)
perma-id/w3id.org: loin/README.md

> # /bcom/
> This [W3ID](https://w3id.org) provides a persistent URI namespace for Building Concrete Monitoring Ontology (BCOM) resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# /loin/
This [W3ID](https://w3id.org) provides a persistent URI namespace for **Level of Information Need (LOIN)** Ontology resources.
```
